New System App Module for easy file systems access (#663)
microsoft/BCApps: src/System Application/App/External File Storage/README.md

# External File Storage Module for Business Central

> Provides an API that lets you connect file system accounts to Business Central so that people can access files outside BC.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides an API that lets you connect external cloud storage accounts to Business Central, allowing users to access files stored outside of Business Central.

```

## Main Components

### File Account

> A file account holds the information needed to access a file service from Business Central.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file account holds the information needed to access an external storage service from Business Central.
```
